wording changes per feedback (#782)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/client-configuration/pages/using-ssm.adoc

[[using-ssm]]
= Using the System Set Manager

System Set Manager (SSM) is used to administrate groups of systems, rather than performing actions on one system at a time.
It works for both Salt and traditional clients.

For a complete list of the tasks that you can perform with the SSM, see xref:reference:systems/ssm-menu.adoc[].

== Setting up System Set Manager

You need to select which systems or system group you want to work with before you can use SSM to perform operations.

You can access SSM in three different ways:

> * Navigating to menu:Systems[System List] and with one of the sub-menus selecting systems you want to work with.  Then navigating to menu:Systems[System Set Manager].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to menu:Systems[System List], select systems you want to work with, and navigate to menu:Systems[System Set Manager].
```

> * Navigating to menu:Systems[System Groups] and clicking btn:[Use in SSM] for the system group you want to work with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to menu:Systems[System Groups], and click btn:[Use in SSM] for the system group you want to work with.
```

> * Navigating to menu:Systems[System Groups], selecting the group you want to work with, and clicking btn:[Work with Group].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to menu:Systems[System Groups], select the group you want to work with, and click btn:[Work with Group].
```
